chore: Add documentation for common POST */react errors (#83)
Basis-Theory/docs: source/includes/api-reference/_atomic_banks.md

### Response

Returns a [token](#token-object) with type of `bank:reaction` if the Atomic Bank was reacted. Returns [an error](#errors) if the Atomic Bank failed to react.

> Third-party errors will be translated to the common Basis Theory Error format. See [React Errors](#react-errors) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors generated from Reactors will be translated to the common Basis Theory Error format. See [React Errors](#react-errors) for more details.
```
